Is that what your mom taught you?
There are things that no one keeps in life
I should have thrown you in jail
Zhang Xiaojun dares to hurt my parents
No one can protect you today, don't bother
I am not Zhang Jiayuan.
You dare to touch me
Our family will definitely not let you go.
Don't bother you, let it go
If you touch him, he won't let you go
You are now banned by your wife
I can think about it.
Try to be fine and wait for me to prevent something.
Just say you're alright
Go back and tell them to go
Let him wash his neck
Ye Feifan should wash the fruit, the owner is you
You know how to compare
One knife at a time?
Ye Feifan
How come you don't know anything about yourself?
You are a watcher
Ok, I'll wait for you.
Wait for me
Zhang Shao, we have to explain at a loss
Extraordinary, come with me quickly
The killer in our hands
Really come here with us
Come on, you were closed with me just now
I think it's nice here
Besides, those murderers just arrived in the wonderful world
Did they care about you?
Are you hurt?
It's all my fault
I should have sent more people to protect you